
# Project Overview

## Introduction to SagaHalla, Victory Exchange, and the MANA DApp

The Victory DApp is a unique decentralized platform that empowers users to directly invest in and participate in cooperative projects through the innovative SagaHalla ecosystem. Here’s an overview of the core components that make up this new decentralized economy:

### SagaHalla

SagaHalla is a myth-inspired, decentralized cooperative platform rooted in the values of resilience, strength, and community. SagaHalla’s cooperative model is designed to support real-world projects by providing a balanced governance structure that respects both financial contributions and labor-based contributions.

### Victory Exchange

Victory Exchange serves as the primary platform for token transactions within the SagaHalla ecosystem, allowing members to purchase and exchange governance and utility tokens that facilitate project funding and cooperative engagement.

### MANA DApp

The MANA DApp is the core governance hub of the SagaHalla cooperative. Members can participate in decision-making processes, contribute to community projects, and leverage their token holdings to influence cooperative directions. The mana token is an ERC20 token that tracks labor input value. It may be liquidated as payment for labor inputs or contributed to the cooperative to gain governance rights.

The MANA token and ERC1400 token envisioned to be backed by Bitcoin collateral, empowers users with full governance rights and represents fully backed financial contributions. Contributions in the cooperative follow a path from valued labor inputs (mana ERC20), contributed labor capital (mana ERC1400), to ultimately fully backed financial contributions (MANA ERC1400).

With a focus on sustainable growth, SagaHalla aims to balance community, member, and investor interests with cooperative values, creating a secure foundation for sustainable innovation. This cooperative structure not only provides transparency in decision-making but also in utility generation in a compliant and decentralized manner within a framework that can be adopted by real-world entities such as other cooperatives, non-profits, corporations, or other legal entities that wish to track real-world utility and value generation.

---

With a focus on sustainable growth, SagaHalla aims to balance community, member and investor interests with coooperative values, creating a secure foundation for sustainable innovation.  This cooperative structure not only provides transparency in decision-making but also in utility generation in a compliant and decentralized manner within a framework that can be adopted by real world entities such as other cooperatives but also non-profits, corporations or other legal entities that wish to track real world utility and value generation.
